Highlight the environment configuration in the database example (#13560)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/admin/resource-groups.rst

This example is for a MySQL database.

.. code-block:: sql

    -- global properties
    INSERT INTO resource_groups_global_properties (name, value) VALUES ('cpu_quota_period', '1h');

>     -- Every row in resource_groups table indicates a resource group. The enviroment name is 'test'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -- Every row in resource_groups table indicates a resource group. The enviroment name is 'test_environment'.
```

And let's change queries to reference that. That should make it even clearer since we use the environment value in lots of queries.

This example is for a MySQL database.

> As stated above, the environment ``'test'`` in the example should match ``node.environment`` property from

Reviewer 2: Why would we repeat this here when it is clearly stated earlier .. by that logic we should explain all other parameters again as well. ... if anything you could change the value to be more explicit something like `test_environment` or whatever..
